add keyboard 3w6 (#13746)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/3w6/readme.md

The 3w6 is designed to be a simple, realiable, cheap and small keyboard to be taken everywhere. 

There are currently two revisions:
* Rev1: 
  - onboard microcontroller (ATMega32U4)
  - USB-C connector Board <-> PC
  - USB-C connectors between both split halfs
  - choc spacing (18x17mm)
  - aggressive pinky stagger
  - support for Choc V1 switches
* Rev2:
  - everything Rev1 did
  - additional middle plate (2mm)
  - support for [Pimoroni Trackball](https://shop.pimoroni.com/products/trackball-breakout) instead of outer thumb switch on right half, needs midplate
  - mounting holes for [Tenting Puck](https://splitkb.com/collections/keyboard-parts/products/tenting-puck), only usable without mid or switchplate

---

* Keyboard Maintainer: [weteor](https://github.com/weteor)
* Hardware Supported: 
    * 3w6 rev1
    * 3w6 rev2 (with Pimoroni support)
* Hardware Availability: 
    * make one yourself: [Design and Productionfiles](https://github.com/weteor/3w6)
    * maintainer is selling kits when available
---
To reach the bootloader, connect the board to the PC and push the reset button on left half.

> Make examples for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     rev1:
>     make 3w6/rev1:default
>     
>     rev2:             
>     make 3w6/rev2:default
>     
>     rev2 w/ pimoroni: 
>     make 3w6/rev2:def_pimoroni

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make 3w6/rev1:default
    make 3w6/rev2:default
    make 3w6/rev2:default_pimoroni
```

Author: Thanks for reviewing. I've added the requested changes.
